 The key to writing maintanable, readable, and adaptable files are multifold. Following best practices for naming variables, definitions, methods, and functions in a clear and concise manner help to maintain the readable aspect. You should be able to understand what the aformentioned things are while being distinct. Writing methods which can be taken out, changed, used, or not help to segment code in adaptable ways. If you need a certain method to opperate differently, simply change the function without changing the rest of the code. The advantages of this is it helps keep code organized and reusable for different projects. For instance, the CRUD module can be used with any mongodb database. The only changes needed would be user authentication and the actual database being used. 


Approaching a problem as a computer scientist is a logical, methodical way of doing things. First, you distinctly identify what the root problem is. In the example of Grazio Salvare the csv files needed a way to be sorted with specific criteria with a functional UI. So you needed to not only have specific criteria, but also in a way that can be used by the general public and not by manipulating code. Having never worked with dash, or any real UI, the problems arrose that I was unfamiliar with the components and language. Once I had immersed myself in the language, I could seperate into different sections what needed to be done. 


Computer scientists solve problems using computers. This can differ in what kind of problem it is or what the solution may entail. In this specific case Grazioso Salvare needed to find rescue animals with specific traits. The problem them became to find animals with those specific traits in a non manual way. 
